so today I'm going to upgrade my 700r4
throttle valve the original throttle
valve probably works
the issue is fourth gear you know it
never stays in fourth gear you go above
quarter throttle and blam it's in third
gear I don't want to be in third gear
when I'm in fourth here I want to be in
fourth gear so we've got this throttle
valve plunger sleeve kit also known as a
Corvette throttle valve police
interceptor issue throttle valve plunger
so I'm going to change this because it's
really irritating ain't that kind of
thing I want to be in fourth gear I'll
be in fourth gear it was relatively
inexpensive kind of expensive for what
you get but anyway looks like just a 10
mil wrench and then I don't know if
there's a pin the Clippers might be a
roll and hold that in too no big deal
and then this transmission will be ready
to go are just going to rewire my torque
converter lockup solenoid plug we're
going to leave rewire that so I got
switches and I can tell it what to do
I can want to locked up or I don't want
to locked up that's how it is so it
looks like the difference is in the
sleeves are a whole lot of up your ass
nothing maybe this maybe this passageway
right here maybe that's a little
different because it's like all around
this one I don't know but the diameters
look the same plungers look the same the
old
I mean maybe we're paying $50 for a
spring that's 3/16 of an inch longer I
don't know but it's going in and I'm
happy about it I will be very happy I
will buy another one from my backup
trans if if it works
it should existing transmission which is
so far still working the temperature is
maxed out the whole pan should cover
there and I co2 and a hundred three
hundred four kilometres an hour and
speed ylim is 110 transmissions ready to
burn up so